# Results of the Quantum Algorithms generated by IBMQ simulator
## QAOA Algorithm
Here's a breakdown of the output:
Each binary string (e.g., '101', '011', etc.) is a possible state of the qubits after the QAOA algorithm has run. Since you have 3 qubits (as inferred from the 3-bit strings), there are 
2^3 = 8 possible states.
The number associated with each state indicates how many times that state was observed out of all the measurements made. For example, the state '101' was observed 12 times.

Given the output:

```
{'101': 12, '011': 55, '111': 189, '000': 256, '100': 100, '110': 28, '010': 114, '001': 270}
```

!(histogram)

It means:
- State '101' was measured 12 times.
- State '011' was measured 55 times.
- State '111' was measured 189 times.
- State '000' was measured 256 times.
- State '100' was measured 100 times.
- State '110' was measured 28 times.
- State '010' was measured 114 times.
- State '001' was measured 270 times.

The measurement results you see are potential solutions to the optimization problem at hand. The frequency of each result provides an indication of how good a solution it might be according to QAOA: states that appear more frequently are generally more likely to be good solutions.

In this specific result, the states '000' and '001' appeared most frequently, so they might be the best or near-best solutions to the optimization problem tackled by the QAOA instance. 

## Grover's Algorithm
With the same logic above, we have 2 qubits instead of 3 qubits. Therefore, there are 2^2 = 4 possible states.

!(histogram)

The histogram is the outcome of the algorithm:
- State '00' was measured 8 times.
- State '01' was measured 36 times.
- State '10' was measured 46 times.
- State '11' was measured 934 times.

Therefore, state '11' appeared most frequently and is the best solution to the optimization problem tackled by Grover instance.